doc/rbd: update iSCSI gateway info (#49045)
ceph/ceph: doc/rbd/iscsi-initiators.rst

    .. warning::

>         The Ceph iSCSI gateway does not support reservations in any scenario.

Reviewer: Please drop this -- I don't think `doc/rbd/iscsi-initiators.rst` needs any changes.
```suggestion
```

Author: I've dropped it.

    .. warning::

        The Ceph iSCSI gateway does not support reservations in any scenario.

>         ``tcmu-runner`` does not support reservations.

Reviewer: Pasting my response to your earlier question on whether the existing statement is misleading:
> It's true that tcmu-runner doesn't have any code to handle persistent reservations -- it can't because that information isn't passed through by the kernel.  But I think with a single gateway persistent reservations could be reasonably handled by the LIO target in the kernel.  Not sure if that actually works or useful -- we haven't tested this aspect in years -- but all in all I wouldn't call that sentence misleading.

It looks like you chose to amend it anyway, why?

Author: This was a pure boneheaded move on my part. I was doing a lot of docs things in a row, and I just plain forgot.

Sorry about that.

I put it back the way it was.

Reviewer: No problem, LGTM!

    .. warning::

        The iSCSI code is in maintenance as of November 2022. This means that

>         it is no longer in development, it is feature complete, and it will not

Reviewer: Let's strike the "feature complete" bit ;)
```suggestion
        it is no longer in active development and it will not
```

Author: Good call. I'll make this change.

        be updated to add new features. In this context, the fact that the
        iSCSI code is in maintenance means that it does not support

>         reservations and it will not support reservations.

Reviewer: The last sentence about reservations should be removed and I'd move the remainder of this node is to the iSCSI overview page (`doc/rbd/iscsi-overview.rst`).

Author: I've moved this to `doc/rbd/iscsi-overview-rst`. You're correct. That's a better place for it.
